talk about the relay use-case (#4)
marten-seemann/draft-seemann-quic-reliable-stream-reset: draft-seemann-quic-reliable-stream-reset.md

subpart of the application. For example, WebTransport
({{!WEBTRANSPORT=I-D.ietf-webtrans-http3}}) uses a variable-length-encoded
integer (as defined in QUIC v1) to transmit the ID of the WebTransport session to
the receiver. It is desirable that the receiver is able to associate incoming
streams with their respective subpart of the application, even if the QUIC stream
is reset before the identifier at the beginning of the stream was read.

> Another use-case is forwarding data from an external data source. When a forwarder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another use-case is relaying data from an external data source. When a relay
```

is sending data being read from an external source and encounters an error, it
might want to use a stream reset to signal that error, at the same time making

> sure that all data being read previously are delivered to the peer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sure that all data being read previously is delivered to the peer.
```
